h1. MY_Pagination extend for Codeigniter

A simple Pagination extension to make working with pagination a bit easier.
I created this lib because I had URIs in my app in which the paging element was not always in the same segment, which makes it a pain if you work with the default pagination class.

This simple lib accomplishes the following:
* It determines waht the 'base_url' is, so you don't have to set it yourself
* It removes the need for you setting the infamous 'uri_segment' setting

Basically,it sets paging at the end of the uri, without having to pass a uri segment. The library relies on a unique pagination selector, which it uses to determine if and where the pagnition offset is located in the URI. 

E.g. /example/pagination/Page/3

The lib searches for the pagination_selector ('Page', in the above example) and retracts the proper offset value (in this case 3)
The pagination links are automatically created, just as in CI's default pagination lib. The lib always puts pagination selector and offset at the end of the URI.

h1. Requirements

* Codeigniter 2+
* PHP 5
* A *unique* pagination selector (default is 'Page') - unique meaning a string you are sure will never appear in the uri, except for pagination.

h1. How does it work?

* Simply drop the lib in your application/libraries folder
* Set a *unique* pagination selector (optional, default is 'Page')

h1. Example usage:

*Controller*
@
$this->load->library('pagination');
$config['total_rows'] = 12;
$config['per_page'] = 3;
$this->pagination->initialize($config);
$data['pagination'] = $this->pagination->create_links();

$this->load->view('some_view', $data);
@ 

*View*
@
!isset($pagination) || echo pagination;
@

If, for instance, the current URI is index.php/example/pagination, this will create links to 
* index.php/example/pagination/Page/3
* index.php/example/pagination/Page/6
* index.php/example/pagination/Page/9

If, for instance, the current URI is some/example/of/some/uri, it will create links to 
* some/example/of/some/uri/Page/3
* some/example/of/some/uri/Page/6
* Etc.